# Gracenote Open Source License, Version 1.0 #

Copyright © Gracenote, Inc. 2007.
All rights reserved.

License for redistribution and use of this software in source and/or binary forms, with or without modification, is granted, subject to and limited by the following terms and conditions:

- Redistribution of this software or derivatives in binary form is subject to and must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions, and the disclaimer set forth below, all of which must be included in documentation or other materials provided with each distribution of the software or derivatives. Redistributions of this software or derivatives in source code form must include and retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions, and the disclaimer set forth below.
- This is a license under copyright law only. No other license or right under intellectual property law or otherwise is granted expressly or by implication.
- The license set forth above shall automatically terminate permanently as to any licensee (and also as to the affiliates of any licensee) that directly or indirectly brings or maintains any patent lawsuit or litigation against Gracenote, Inc. or its successors or assigns, unless each such lawsuit or litigation is dismissed (or otherwise terminated) with prejudice within 10 days of its inception. The license set forth above shall also automatically terminate permanently if a licensee materially violates or breaches these terms and conditions.
- Any licensee may provide a contribution to this software (including modifications and additions) or suggestions about this software to Gracenote. Any licensee that does so: (i) will identify any contribution that he or she has made (including each modification and addition), (ii) will provide his or her real name and email address for Gracenote's records, (iii) grants Gracenote a non-exclusive permanent irrevocable license to use, copy, modify, sublicense, and otherwise exploit each contribution or suggestion as Gracenote deems fit, and (iv) represents that he or she has the right to provide each contribution or suggestion to Gracenote.
- Neither the name or trademarks of Gracenote, Inc. (or its successors or assigns) nor the names of any contributor to the software may be used to endorse or promote this software or derivatives of this software without Gracenote's or, as applicable, the contributor's express prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY GRACENOTE (AND ANY CONTRIBUTORS) "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL GRACENOTE (OR ANY CONTRIBUTORS) BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE), OR OTHERWISE.
